README.md, before:

# OpenFaaS NATS Connector Example/Tester

This repo provides a very simple way to verify that an installation of  the [`nats-connector`](https://github.com/openfaas-incubator/nats-connector) is working as expected.


## Running Locally

1. Deploy the republish function:
   ```sh
   faas-cli deploy
   ```
2. Install the `nats-connector`
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LucasRoesler/nats-connector-example/master/yaml/connector-dep.yaml
   ```
3. For simplicity, forward the nats port to your localhost
   ```sh
   kubectl port-forward -n openfaas svc/nats 4222 &
   ```
4. Run the tester
   ```sh
   cd publisher && go run main.go
   ```

## Running in cluster
1. Deploy a test function an annotate it with the nats topic you will publish messages to:
   ```sh
   faas-cli deploy
   ```
2. Install the `nats-connector`
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LucasRoesler/nats-connector-example/master/yaml/connector-dep.yaml
   ```
3. Run the tester as a Job
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LucasRoesler/nats-connector-example/master/yaml/tester-job.yaml
   ```

Commit message:

Refactor to use openfaas fns for publish and republish
**What**
- Simplify the user experience by using openfaas functions for the
  connector test publisher and as the target function to be invoked.
  This allows testing sending and receiving a message and should be
  agnostic of kubernetes

Signed-off-by: Lucas Roesler <roesler.lucas@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenFaaS NATS Connector Example/Tester

This repo provides a very simple way to verify that an installation of  the [`nats-connector`](https://github.com/openfaas-incubator/nats-connector) is working as expected.

To verify the behavior, it will deploy two functions

1. `connector-test` is a functiont that sends a pre-configured message to a NATS subject `faas-req` and then listens for an echo response on another subject `faas-resp`. It then tests the response matches the request.
2. `republish` accepts an arbitrary payload and then publishes it on the `faas-resp` subject. This is used as the target of the `nats-connector`

The test message flow looks like this

```
connector-test --> nats --> nats-connector --> republish --> nats --> connector-test
```

## Running

1. Deploy the republish function:
   ```sh
   faas-cli deploy
   ```
2. Install the `nats-connector`
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LucasRoesler/nats-connector-example/master/yaml/connector-dep.yaml
   ```
3. Invoke the test
   ```sh
   faas-cli invoke connector-test <<< "test message"
   ```
